okay class it's time for the scripts
classroom Spelling Bee the top two will
move on to the grade level be line up
against the wall behind me creeper spell
lobster lobster lob ste a lobster
correct in German spell ROC ROC ROC
k-rock correct Eric I smell house house
H oh you s e house correct
Caleb comedian spell furniture furniture
f you ah n I T you ah
e furniture correct
Bob the Builder spell koala koala koa a
koala correct blue spell home home home2
correct bear spell hut hut you pee Hut
correct memy ninety nine oh nine spell
lemur lemur L I M you are lemur that's
wrong many the correct spelling was L II
M you are go back to your seat
column 1998 spell olive olive Oh L by V
E Olive correct
Barney spell love lv2 love correct
Owen spell food food F ood food correct
Heather spell alpha alpha al PHA alpha
correct aerco spell treasure treasure T
ar e a sure.30
spell security security is e CU r ity
security correct Justin Timberlake spell
lifeless lifeless allied fel ESS
lifeless correct
Andi panda spell creak creak c r e e k
creak correct horse and buggy spell folk
folk fol k folk correct
derek spell team team team2 m-- correct
Zack spell alone alone alo Annie alone
correct Anthony spell lesson lesson L
e-s-a and lesson correct
Thomas spell piano piano piano piano
correct
Rupert spell couch couch cou CH couchguy
appeal ur pillar p by l l a our pillar
correct
Doug spill Twilight Twilight T W I L I
G H T Twilight correct air spell
cafeteria cafeteria CA fe e te RI
cafeteria
correct Swiper spell pollution pollution
no llu tion pollution correct jerry
spell tantrum tantrum ta NT r um tantrum
Parvati spell double-double do you ble
double correct Rob spell firework
firework fi re wo RK firework correct
Dirk spell jog job GOG jog correct you
will not have to take summer school
anymore Gervais spell tombstone
tombstone T LOM sto a youtube stone
that's wrong Gervais the correct
spelling was t o M
T o-n-e go back to your seat
Shawn spell octopus octopus Oh see t.o.p
u.s octopus correct
Joel spell liver liver Li ve our liver
correct
Russell spell leaf leaf LD a leaf
you
good job you two are the finalists who
will be advancing to the grade-level
Spelling Bee and as for you memy ninety
nine oh nine and Gervais you both have a
45-minute detention for getting out of
the spelling bee on the first round
starting now